1. Its a web applicable to create and manage todo tasks
2. Features
  a. Task - Entity that holds some information. Can have any number of sub tasks. Data strcuture:
    Summary: 255 characters
    Description: 1MB characters
    Attachment: 10MB max
    Priority: High/Medium/Low
    Status: Not started/In progress/Completed/Deleted/On hold
    Serial number: The number at which the task is to be shown. 1 is at top.
    End date: Date
  b. Subtask - Its a task but with a parent task. Can have any number of subtasks.
  c. Project - A list of tasks
    Task list: All tasks and sub tasks
    Subproject - A project can have subprojects
  d. View - Shows tree stcture of tasks and subtasks based on serial number
      View shows Grid/table. This shows 3 columns
        1. Task summary
        2. Task priority
        3. Task Statusnew 'named' view that contains different settings
      Sorting of task - Manual, Alphabetical of summary
  d1. Actions allowed (app needs to work as desktop app)
    1. Single click - selec task
    2. Double click - open for view task (summary, description, date, ETA, priority, status, etc)
    3. Escape - to come to default view without saving
  d2. Icons
    1. Pencil icon to edit summary of task there itself without opening details
    2. + icon to add subtask to a task
    3. Delete icon to delete this task and its subtasks
    4. Left trialgle/down trialngle - Clicking on left will show all suntasks. Clicking on down angle hides all subtasks.
  d3. Buttons
    1. Add task to add task to main list at bottom
  e. Settings -
      Slider - ReadOnly / ReadWrite - When ReadOnly is active, changes are not allows. Sorting is 
allowed.
        ReadOnly - Background changes gray. Pencil icon is hidden.
      Slider - Show subtasks / Hide subtasks - Shows all subtasks of all tasks, hides does opposite.
  f. Global search bar to search through all projects, subprojects, tasks, subtasks and their description
  f. Profile
    Self register - email id and password
    Reset password via email
3. Technologies
